What is SQL?
SQL is the standard language for Relational Database System. 
All the Relational Database Management Systems (RDMS) like MySQL, MS Access, Oracle, Sybase, Informix,
Postgres and SQL Server use SQL as their standard database language.

T-SQL vs PL/SQL?
All the Relational Database Management Systems (RDMS) like MySQL, MS Access, Oracle, Sybase, Informix,
Postgres and SQL Server use SQL as their standard database language.
Also, they are using different dialects(name) to SQL, such as −
MS SQL Server using T-SQL:when we are using MSSQL DBMS it means we are using T-SQL to query DBMS
Oracle using PL/SQL:when we are using ORACLE DBMS it means we are using PL/SQL to query DBMS
MS Access version of SQL is called JET SQL (native format) etc.

Important History?
1970 − Dr. Edgar F. "Ted" Codd of IBM is known as the father of relational databases. He described a relational model for databases.
1974 − Structured Query Language appeared.
1978 − IBM worked to develop Codd's ideas and released a product named System/R.
1986 − IBM developed the first prototype of relational database and standardized by ANSI. The first relational database was released by Relational Software which later came to be known as Oracle.

SQL is fast?
When you are executing an SQL command for any RDBMS, the system determines the best way to carry out your 
request and SQL engine figures out how to interpret the task.

There are various components included in executing process of SQL?.

The standard SQL commands to interact with relational databases ?
The standard SQL commands to interact with relational databases are CREATE, SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE and DROP.

DDL - Data Definition Language?
CREATE,ALTER,DROP

DML - Data Manipulation Language
SELECT,INSERT,UPDATE,DELTE

DCL - Data Control Language?
GRANT,REVOKE(Takes back privileges granted from user.)

SQL Constraints?
Constraints are the rules enforced on data columns on a table. These are used to limit the type of data that can go into a table.
This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the database.
Constraints can either be column level or table level. 
Column level constraints are applied only to one column whereas, table level constraints are applied to the entire table.

Constraint Example?
Following are some of the most commonly used constraints available in SQL −
NOT NULL Constraint − Ensures that a column cannot have a NULL value.
DEFAULT Constraint − Provides a default value for a column when none is specified.
UNIQUE Constraint − Ensures that all the values in a column are different.
PRIMARY Key − Uniquely identifies each row/record in a database table.
FOREIGN Key − Uniquely identifies a row/record in any another database table.
CHECK Constraint − The CHECK constraint ensures that all values in a column satisfy certain conditions.
INDEX − Used to create and retrieve data from the database very quickly.

What Data Integrity RDBMS provides(cod's rule)?
The following categories of data integrity exist with each RDBMS −
    Entity Integrity − There are no duplicate rows in a table.
    Domain Integrity − Enforces valid entries for a given column by restricting the type, the format, or the range of values.
    Referential integrity − Rows cannot be deleted, which are used by other records.
    User-Defined Integrity − Enforces some specific business rules that do not fall into entity, domain or referential integrity.

Database Normalization?
Database normalization is the process of efficiently organizing data in a database.
Normalization guidelines are divided into normal forms; think of a form as the format or the way a database structure is laid out. The aim of normal forms is to organize the database structure, so that it complies with the rules of first normal form, then second normal form and finally the third normal form.
It is your choice to take it further and go to the fourth normal form, fifth normal form and so on, but in general, the third normal form is more than enough.

MS ACCESS?
This is one of the most popular Microsoft products. Microsoft Access is an entry-level database management software. MS Access database is not only inexpensive but also a powerful database for small-scale projects.
MS Access uses the Jet database engine, which utilizes a specific SQL language dialect (sometimes referred to as Jet SQL).

